update according to CONTENT IDEA REQUEST 109671 (#810)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/email/create-a-shared-mailbox.md

- A shared mailbox is not intended for direct sign-in by its associated user account. You should always block sign-in for the shared mailbox account and keep it blocked.

> - When there are too many designated users concurrently accessing a shared mailbox, they may intermittently fail to connect to this mailbox. In this case, you can consider reducing the number of the users or using a different workload, such as Office 365 group or Public folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When too many designated users access a shared mailbox at the same time, they may sometimes fail to connect. In this case, you can either reduce the number of the users or use a different option, such as Office 365 group or public folder.
```
